Hey what's going on guys it's Marcello once again.
Today's lesson is the last one about W.P. Querrey this powerful WordPress class that allows us to create
custom queries.
So far we've just created a custom loop is helping us bring the latest post on the home page and that
will be our first news item in this lessoned.
We're going to build our second new machine bring the next two news items into the list before we start.
I must apologize because there is an error here in the bootstrap CSSA classes.
The order is inverted.
The correct order will be first the container class and then the role inside its container.
So sorry for that.
Let's just swap the classes.
Now back to the explanation to speed up things a bit.
I'm going to copy the entire custom we created in the last lesson.
So next we go ahead and change the name of a class object let's call it secondary hoedown.
Commands The nak control the on Windows or Linux to find and replace everything at once.
OK in the first loop we use to string methods to retrieve the database information.
Should the W.P. Carey class.
Now we go to the second method using an array.
What is the right thing to use in an array instead of a query string.
Well the adventurous is quite clear.
Let's say that we have to pass several arguments to declare a string as the number of arguments grows
it becomes more difficult to read and understand the comments to a point where we can no longer make
mistakes.
If there's a single mistake here it would be like trying to find a needle in the haystack.
Now when we use arrays that doesn't happen let's create an array up here let's call it args and let's
start adding the arguments here.
The first argument is going to be the kind of post we want to fetch.
So posts underscore type post.
In fact this argument can be ignored.
It's optional if you choose not to pass it.
WordPress will always consider that what we want are both Indeed it's most useful actually when we have
to work with custom post types but it's not our case.
That's also pass here.
The number of balls we want to bring in this case there are two posts now to fetch the post categories.
Let's do something different.
Let's start by choosing which categories will be excluded from the list.
For that let's pass the category.
Not in agreement.
Just pay attention because there are two underscores after the word category.
Right so is Category 2 underscores not on the score in it's go hadn't create an array here and passed.
Category 8 became later pass.
Other categories separated by comer's will also choose which categories will be included in the list.
The opposite of category not in its category.
In once again with underscores as great a nearer way.
And inside it we want to pass the values for an 11.
Thus when new categories are created they will have to be added here smell.
Now that we have all the arguments let's just pass disarray to the WP Querrey class as change a few
more things here.
First the elements of this loop will have six columns instead of twelve.
So let's set the code as same six class here.
It you'll make the death tax.
However with a 50 percent from small devices upwards towards large screen sizes and the name of the
file that will be required here will be content high and secondary that be OK the loop itself is ready.
Now you need to create this file called content hyphen secondary ph P
that charge in this process app a bit by copying the contents of the previous license file.
And we're going to save a new file.
OK here we only change a few things.
The tag article class
and we want to remove the publication date.
And that's it.
OK.
We now have a second row with you news items all of that.
Thanks to our second custom move.
Notice one thing though.
The first news has been repeated here.
But what if you don't want it repeated.
Is there a way to do that.
Yes of course.
First let's add another argument shuddery
and that argument will be offset when the use of said Intel WordPress how many items we wanted to ignore
at the beginning of the list.
Let's start again.
For example one
reload as you can see non-dualist makes more sense.
That's because WordPress ignored the first result of the list which was the same post we have up here.
If we change it to two this both here is going to be ignored.
And the first one on the list is going to be this one here.
Very cool.
OK.
This is the last lesson on W.P. Querrey.
I hope you feel like you learned something new from the lessons but don't stop here.
K equerry and custom loops are the most interesting topics in the Wordpress development world.
In addition to the arguments we work with there are many many others.
Go ahead.
Visit de-link that are left available in this lesson be curios and exploit the full potential of this
WP class.
You see that for every scenario for every need there is a way to use this class that you can benefit
from.
Another thing what I taught you is just one way to create a filtered news list in wordpress.
There are several ways to do this.
You'll find the internet.
Many people teaching how to do this.
Neither way is wrong.
So that's it.
Then I wait for you in the next section of this course.
Let's start bringing life to the inner interface of her thing and then see you later.